Let's password protect the product catalog PDF,
specifying the access permissions using the AccessPermission
class and the StandardProtectionPolicy class.
Here is a method already written with the basic logic
to load the product catalog PDF.
So let's create an AccessPermission object, permission.
Let's restrict access to this document by not allowing it to be
printed by calling the setCanPrint method on the permission object,
passing a value of false, and also prevent from adding any
annotations to the document by calling the setCanModifyAnnotations
method, passing false to it. Next,
create a StandardProtectionPolicy object policy.
Using this, it is possible to specify an owner password and a user password.
So let's give the owner password as 1234 and user password as your
name, for example, and then passing the AccessPermission object
permission that you set above. Now simply call the protect method
on the catalog document, passing in the policy object. And finally,
save the document.
Now, the PDF document will be saved as a protected document,
and a password needs to be provided to open it.
Let's test this.
I've called the encryptPDF method in the main class and run the application.
Now when you try to open the document, it's asking for a password.
If you give the owner password,
which is 1234, it comes with full permission, where there will
be no restrictions for printing or editing,
for example, like annotating.
However, if you open it with the user password,
you can see that the annotation buttons and the Print option are
disabled, as we restricted them by specifying access permissions back in
the code. So, simply you can do other restrictions as required by setting them in the AccessPermission object.